Implement `--break-system-packages` for EXTERNALLY-MANAGED installations (#11780)
pypa/pip: news/11780.feature.rst

> Implement pip install --break-system-packages, as a PEP-668 override.
> The PEP expected an override mechanism to ease the transition to PEP-668
> managed installs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Implement ``--break-system-packages`` to permit installing packages into for EXTERNALLY-MANAGED Python installations.
```
